Finished codepen: https://codepen.io/hannahklenklen/pen/YzWQzVp?editors=1100

Review Questions
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML in which the tag gives the page information other than the code within the tag (h1 tells the page the text within that tag is the most important on the page).
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for displaying data in graphical form on a webpage. It lays down the blueprint for the page, without any style or cool tricks.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute goes inside an element to tell it what to do with the code. Attributes won't render on the page.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to display the title of the page. It should only be used once/page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        image tags and anchor tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Links to other code (CSS, JS, etc.).
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a way to label a specific part of the HTML for navigation. You can use as many different ids as you want, but each individual id can only be used once/page.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        1
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a way to label a specific part or parts of the HTML for styling.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want/need to.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href="link.com" target="_blank">This link will open in a new tab!</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Accessibility. Put a description of the image in the alt tag so people who use screen readers with be able to "see" the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        If id="practiceID"
        #practiceID{
            CSS
        }
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        div is not semantic, section is.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Stylizing webpage content.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is better for styling (CSS), an id is better for page optimization (JS).
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        If class="practice"
        .practice{
            CSS
        }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{
            CSS
        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A selector that points to the child element and the parent element to specify the child. If we use a class name for two things but we only want to code for one of them.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{
            CSS
        }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that specifies what an element will do based on some user interaction (hover).
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        CAPITALS - text-transform:uppercase;
        lowercase - text-transform:lowercase;
        Capitalize - text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border:1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{
            CSS
        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
        Be careful because it's gone forever, not recoverable.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It keeps a history of changes, rather than just keeping the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        About every 20 minutes or whenever something important gets added.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin hannah-klenklen
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        1. Fork the repo to get your own copy.
        2. Clone it (copy the link, it should have your name in it).
        3. Put your copy of the repo where you want it (use cd in terminal to get where you want it to go, then git clone <repo url copied from GitHub>), then get in it with cd.
        4. Create a new branch (git checkout -b hannah-klenklen)
        5. Work on the assignment, and when it's time to commit (every 20 minutes or when you make an important change), type the following commands into terminal:
            -git add .
            -git commit -m "detailed comment about changes"
            -git push -u origin hannah-klenklen
        6. Submit a pull request
            -Go back to GitHub and find your forked project (the one with your name, not the original Lambda one)
            -Switch to your branch (hannah-klenklen)
            -Click 'new pull request'
            -Change base repo to your forked repo (the one with your name)
            -Click 'create pull request'

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element will keep with the flow of a line of text (span), a block element will get its own line (div).
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The element overlaps anything in it's same position; there is no space cut out for an element that is positioned absolutely.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block 
            1. p
            2. div
            3. li
        inline 
            1. span
            2. a
        inline-block  
            1. 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        The box model is made up of content, padding, border, and margin. The content is at the center of the "box", the padding is the space between the content and the border, the border seperates the padding and the margin, and the margin is the space between the border and the rest of the page.